README.md, before:

# 🚀 JavaScript Fundamentals Playground

Welcome to my JavaScript learning journey! 🌱  
This repository is where I sharpen my JS skills by going back to the **basics** — mastering the foundations to build better, cleaner code.  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/JavaScript-logo.png" alt="JavaScript Logo" width="500" />
</p>

---

## 📚 What You'll Find Here

This repo focuses on essential topics in JavaScript:

- 🧠 **Variables** – Understanding `var`, `let`, and `const` + scope.
- 🔧 **Functions** – From basic to arrow functions, including scope and closures.
- 🧮 **Arrays** – Creating, looping, and manual method implementations.
- 🧱 **Objects** – Working with properties, nested data, and structure.
- 🔄 **Programming Logic** – Conditionals, loops, and flow control.
- ⚡ **Code Efficiency** – Writing clean, optimized, and readable code.

---

## 🎯 Why This Repo?

> *“The stronger your foundation, the taller you can build.”*

I created this as a self-study playground to:
- 🛠 Practice solving problems using raw JavaScript
- 📌 Avoid relying on built-in methods too early (e.g., `.push()`, `.split()`)
- 💡 Build logic and problem-solving instincts from scratch
- 🧼 Learn to write code that's both **efficient** and **easy to read**

---

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance clarity and add backend training section

README.md, after:

# 🚀 JavaScript Fundamentals Playground

Welcome to my JavaScript learning journey! 🌱  
This repository is where I sharpen my JS skills by going back to the **basics** — mastering the foundations to build better, cleaner code.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/JavaScript-logo.png" alt="JavaScript Logo" width="500" />
</p>

---

## 📚 What You'll Find Here

This repo focuses on essential topics in JavaScript:

- 🧠 **Variables** – Understanding `var`, `let`, and `const` + scope.
- 🔧 **Functions** – From basic to arrow functions, including scope and closures.
- 🧮 **Arrays** – Creating, looping, and manual method implementations.
- 🧱 **Objects** – Working with properties, nested data, and structure.
- 🔄 **Programming Logic** – Conditionals, loops, and flow control.
- ⚡ **Code Efficiency** – Writing clean, optimized, and readable code.

---

## 🎯 Why This Repo?

> _"The stronger your foundation, the taller you can build."_

I created this as a self-study playground to:

- 🛠 Practice solving problems using raw JavaScript
- 📌 Avoid relying on built-in methods too early (e.g., `.push()`, `.split()`)
- 💡 Build logic and problem-solving instincts from scratch
- 🧼 Learn to write code that's both **efficient** and **easy to read**

---

## 🖥️ Backend Training

This repository now includes a backend training section where I'm:

- 🌐 Building RESTful APIs with **Express.js**
- 📊 Learning database integration with **PostgreSQL**
- 🔄 Implementing server-side JavaScript
- 🧪 Practicing backend architecture patterns
- 🛠️ Setting up a complete Node.js development environment

The `backend_training` directory contains an Express application that serves as my playground for learning backend development concepts.

---
